[Swift 6]: Update optional and exercise (#830)
exercism/swift: concepts/optionals/about.md

## Optionals

Swift uses [_optionals_][optionals] to allow programmers to represent the possible absence of a value.

> Optionals is a type that can either hold a value or be [`nil`][nil], which represents the absence of a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional is a type that can either hold a value or be [`nil`][nil], which represents the absence of a value.
```

> Before attempting to use a value that may not exist, optionals allow the program to check first it it exists, then if it does exist unwrap and use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an optional requires a program to check if a value does exist before using it after unwrapping it.
```

Any type can be made into an optional by appending a `?` onto the end of the type name.
So an optional integer would have type `Int?` and an optional string would have type `String?`.
Defining constants or variables of optional type and assigning them values is done the same as for values of non-optional types.

```swift
let x: Int? = 42
var y: String? = "Hello"
y = "Goodbye"
```

You can assign the absence of a value to a variable of optional type by assigning it the special value `nil`.

> `nil` can be used with all optional types, but `nil`s assigned to two different optional types do not have the same type, and cannot be interchanged or even compared. E.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nil` can be used with all optional types, but `nil`s assigned to two different optional types do not have the same type, and cannot be interchanged or even compared.
```

```swift
var x: Int = 42
var y: Int? = 42

y = x
// Works fine
x = y
// error: value of optional type 'Int?' must be unwrapped to a value of type 'Int'
x + y
// error: value of optional type 'Int?' must be unwrapped to a value of type 'Int'
```

## Using optionals

Because optional types are not the same types as their base types, the two types cannot be used in the same ways.
For example: `Int("123") + 1` results in a compiler error "Value of optional type 'Int?' must be unwrapped to a value of type 'Int'".
This is because the `Int("123")` returns an optional `Int?` type, not an `Int` type, since if the string cannot be converted to an integer, the result will be `nil`.
In order to access the `Int` from the conversion, one must "unwrap" it first.

This is most commonly done in Swift using the `if-let` and `guard-let` constructs for [_optional binding_][optional-binding] which check for `nil` and take one code path with the unwrapped value bound to a supplied name if a value exists and taking a different code path if `nil` was found.

```swift
if let safeNum = Int("123") {
	let sum = safeNum + 1
	…
} else {
  // code for the case where nil was found -- may be left out
}
```

> Worth noting is that the `safeNum` variable has the type `Int` and not `Int?`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that the `safeNum` variable has the type `Int` and not `Int?`.
```

> In the example below, `num` is of type `Int?` and `safeNum` is of type `Int`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, `num` is of type `Int?` and `safeNum` is of type `Int`.
```

…
```

## Comparing optionals

Note that even if the base type of a pair of optionals can be compared using the standard comparison operators, the optionals themselves cannot be compared.
They can only be checked for equality.
Two optionals are equal if they are both `nil` or if the values they wrap are equal within their base types.

> However, code can of course, be written to perform a custom comparison of two optional values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, code can be written to perform a custom comparison of two optional values.
```

Below is an example of a `switch` statement that will return `true` only if both optional values are non-nil and the first value is less than the second. 

> To do this it uses the _optional pattern_ `varName?` which only matches non-nil optionals, binding the value inside the optional to the name `varName`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do this it uses the _optional pattern_ `varName?` which only matches non-nil optionals, binding the value inside the optional to the name `varName`.
```
